Variable Swizzles (#120)
endless-sky/endless-sky-wiki: wiki/CreatingShips.md

* `"uncapturable"`: If this tag is included (no value need be specified for it), this ship can be boarded but cannot be captured. This can be used to mark things that are not really "ships," e.g. a derelict hulk that you can plunder but that cannot be repaired to fly on its own. *This tag is not "inherited" by variants of a ship.* **(v. 0.9.0)**

* `"swizzle"`: the name of the swizzle that this ship uses, overriding the ship's government swizzle. **(v. 0.9.7)**

>   Sine **v. 0.10.13**: Can now use named swizzles. All previous numbered swizzles are still available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Since **v. 0.10.13**, you can use named swizzles. All previous numbered swizzles are still available.
```
